friends here.
We're going to work with python.
Regular expressions with the flags.
See,
already we have seen the rules to create Your patterns aren't These are the rules which we
saw to create your patterns.
Right now we're going to work with your regular expressions with the flags as well.
So these are the available flags for your pipe down Regular expressions.
See,
these are the flags you can use a the shortcut or this flag name,
but oh,
seem now among all those as off.
No,
I'm going to work and I'm going to show you with ari dot i n r e not him.
Later we will work with the remaining as well.
No.
First off a lorry dot I are already not ignore case you Can you say that the shortcut or
this full inte flag?
Make that regular expression case incense to So let me open my later toe.
Get clarity on this I'm writing a simple script.
Imports are immortal.
Let me take some X equals two.
This is a string Commemorating Be hedge.
I yes is a new strain something like that.
Then I'm reading simply all our capitals No,
See that my requirement is I need to find all the strings with this.
This is strings I need to find.
Suppose if I take a pattern as in this way,
My pattern eyes frosting I'm taking.
But there is a good practice.
We just try to take our before writing your pattern.
Let me bring Tory.
Don't find all with your partner on any given text.
What is the result you're getting?
What happened?
So we find all we're getting this.
But if you don't kinds of case sensitivity,
then they see that this on dsi that you how this year and here and here.
But I am looking for small details.
But there are combination with smaller capital.
And these are completely capital.
No,
I don't want to look for case sensitivity,
then just include a flag called corridor.
I I'll see that is a so here.
I included a flag so you can use either ari dot I short cut off your flag or ignored case.
That is also same.
See that.
Let me read and understood output.
So just use a shotgun.
That's better.
That's it.
So this is a use off your ignore case,
since the with the flag.
Then we are next thing already.
Door.
Um might be late.
See that?
First of all,
let me take some multi line fixed.
Let me take my extras.
So,
guys,
this is useful.
I mean,
this option already,
Dottie Emmys useful.
Whenever If you're going toe,
work with fights using your file object or read operation and you will see that example as
well.
First,
let me write some string with multiple lines.
So this is a string on.
This is a second line.
Something like that I'm writing.
This is a supposed shoreline on this.
So if he held a string in this way,
first of all,
these a multi line string against print consider result.
So you're getting or put in multi lines.
So we are giving in terms off triple condition.
He was trained.
That means that is in my D line string.
No,
What I'm doing is I am writing a pattern just to find this.
Bring body dot Find all from your pattern in the given model.
Inpex,
see the result?
Let me come in this,
uh,
printed text.
Mostly the result.
Wherever this is there,
you're getting that.
Okay,
Anyway,
I'm looking as off.
No support.
Small if he had.
So yes,
a string.
Yes,
you are getting there.
No,
I want to bring if this is the very first inning given strength them.
I can take caps.
Immolate.
See,
that is a this Yes in very first let me have it.
This our very first.
You're getting that this.
Then what about these two?
81 and 9 20 Harvest this string,
right?
See,
if you remember from our previous rules character start off the string on start off the
line in gets off multilane.
So by the four Caret will look only in the first line if you have all my deadlines.
But we held mighty lines and multi lanes.
We have this.
If you want to look in each and every line by default,
Carrot won't look by the four.
Caret will look only in the first line.
But I want to look it looking each and every line.
Then you need to are a flag call Ari daughter young or already dark multilane.
No.
See that in two places that very first we have this in two lines.
So looking all the lines looking all multi lines.
You are regular expression pattern.
There is the use off radar.
Yum.
Now,
along with your Ari Dottie,
um,
I want to ignore case in studio as well,
because I need to look for this.
Ph tells.
I mean 99.
This also captivity had two years.
Then you have to include your case.
Since you d flag as well,
then you have to use pipeline on.
Then you can use already dot I So if you want to work with my tea flags yard include all
facts with the pipelines symbol,
right.
That's it.
The same way you can look for ending words as well.
See,
let me come.
And this Let me right here.
Suppose this liberates on muting and in the U.
S.
Support I'm going toe in writing the end.
No,
my requirement days I want Oh,
bring the end,
effendi,
is there are the ending in a given next or string?
So Pattani's you know,
simply and ending your looking dollar mostly the result and end the or getting why you're
getting I included your already Dottie Um let me remove their No see that you're not
getting end in the I mean the multi lines you're going to get only in the one line.
Sorry.
Ending,
ending.
Not about this.
This is aboard this.
See the result End off the string.
So in end of the string,
we have only ended here.
But in each and every lane.
If you want to look for you are required string.
Is there at the ending or not?
Then unit in global multi line.
That's right.
At the same time,
if you want include case sensitivity.
Let me read here.
Capital,
Yandy or capital E N d.
That's it.
Okay,
so you guys,
you can get clarity.
Suppose if I take here and I'm removing this multi line.
You can keep your case and study if you want.
First let me anymore multilane and see the result you're getting only last year.
Because dollar means in the entire string.
Only last line.
Carrot means first line.
Starting end means last line ending word.
Where did marty lines are?
How we end?
I need to find that as well then,
Ari Door.
Um,
anything include ari dot Yemen If you remortgage or why it won't work because these are
some combination with capital and small somebody For eight years,
Molly And now it is going to fetch that because include,
or Iridium.
But to include this end on this end unit to write case since duty as well,
that's a Nazi laser.
Okay,
okay.
Ice will see the remaining flags in later videos.
Okay.
I thank you for watching this video.